qmr readme refresh (#2992)
CMSgov/cms-mdct-qmr: tests/cypress/README.md

Author: frankly this whole file is going to be wiped out soon due to the upcoming Playwright migration (see CMDCT-5825), so I cleaned up the current formatting but the content of this will change further (or be removed because the directory structure will also be different) once the migration is done.

# Cypress Testing

[Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/features) is an open source testing tool used for end-to-end (E2E) and integration tests.

## Getting Started

- `npm run test` Runs two parallel processes:
  - `npm start` (wrapper to `./run local`) runs the local application
  - `npm run cypress` opens Cypress using Chrome against the local instance

> - `npm run test:ci` Used in pipelines/actions; runs Cypress headless against branch-specific instances

Reviewer: We should discourage usage of the `npm` CLI; this is a `yarn` shop.

```suggestion
- `yarn test` Runs two parallel processes:
  - `yarn start` (wrapper to `./run local`) runs the local application
  - `yarn cypress` opens Cypress using Chrome against the local instance
- `yarn test:ci` Used in pipelines/actions; runs Cypress headless against branch-specific instances
```

Author: this is legit. this is also something that Marcus and Josh are about to obliterate 😆 will add to batch edit since there are a few other suggestions and nits I think I am going to agree with in other comments
